Summary of Incomplete Items:
15. multi-model error handling - user registration, event creation
21? Add event page: AJAX zip code autocomplete with geocoding


From Shanti's 02.22.2008 email:
1. Homepage does not show event icon/thumbnail
Status: Incomplete, assigned to Hubert

2. No mouse-over bubble
Status: Decided against.

3. Tag cloud on separate page - we put it in the home page to reduce the
number of operations
Status: Completed by Arthur

4. No tag search
Status: Completed by Hubert

5. Calendar is non-Ajax. Requires page reload for each selection
not sure if scriptaculous has a widget. If not, they will have to
hand-code the javascript or see if the dojo one can be used.
Status: Completed by Arthur

6. Separate login page. It is commonly part of the home page, with a
link to the registration page. 
***but why doesn't the PHP app gracefully handle erroneous logins?
Status: Completed by Arthur

8. After logging in, we're taken to the list of users. It should be the
home page. A social networking site never shows whole list of users.
***but we're still showing users (top nav bar link); how else are you going to request friendship from other users? attendance lists?
Status: Completed by Arthur

9. The user detail page is very primitive. No images, no loading of event submission (?) and attendance history (?).
***Shouldn't there be an easier way to get to the user detail page from the PHP app (other than attendance lists)?
Status: Completed by Arthur

11. All lists on the event detail page are loaded asynchronously using
Ajax requests in our app. This minimizes the time to show the page while
background threads populate the lists.
Status: Completed by Arthur

12. The attend button on the event detail page makes a post request that
updates the whole page. We use Ajax update requests for this so the page
does not need to be re-rendered.
(Also added an unattend button for events when attending)
Status: Completed by Hubert

13. The attend button directs to a list_attendees page, not the same
event_detail page.
Status: Completed by Hubert

14. There is no password verification field in the Registration form 
...and Ajax request to validate the name (duplicate or not).
Status: Completed by Hubert

15. Error handling for the user registration should display as missing field error for all the required fields at one go.
Status: Incomplete, assigned to Arthur

16. In our app, we have the timezone drop down to show the events on select of a timezone. No extra filter button.
***The PHP app's timezone drop down does not work with JavaScript disabled
Status: Completed by Arthur

17. Our app has map on the event detail page.
Status: Completed by Hubert

More for demo purposes - will do (using yahoo maps). It calls the yahoo
geocoder with the event address (this logic is tested as part of the
benchmark by emulating the geocoder) and then generates the map.

18. User registration page: The personal summary field in our app is a
Dojo Editor2 widget rather than a simple text box.
Status: Completed by Arthur (TinyMCE & white_list plugins)

20. Home page: The default sorting is by title. We have only sort by
event date and create date. If we are going with thumbnails, default
sorting should be by event date.
Status: Completed by Arthur

21. Add event page: The zip code field in our app is Ajax enabled; auto completes the city, state. It appears that this is hacked in the php app for a few zipcodes. Will has the actual data for all the US zipcodes (30000) and we could load this into our db and use it via AJAX. Shanti suggested that we skip it for now.
Status: Incomplete, unassigned, NEED DATA, WILL BE DROPPED?

22. Add Event page: Description field is Dojo editor. 
Status: Completed by Arthur (TinyMCE & white_list plugins)

23. Clicking on tag within tag cloud brings to list of events with this
tag with hyperlinks to the event title.  In our application, clicking on
the tag within tag cloud brings to a page with a thumbnail, title
(hyperlinked to event detail for this specific event), description and
person who submitted this event.
***Listing who submitted this event would make one extra join query for the Rails app that the PHP app doesn't have to do because you store the user name as a foreign key in the events table while we store a user_id
Status: Completed by Arthur

27. addEvent does not show which fields are required.  couldn't test
validation because I received an error message (generic - didn't seem to
be related to user input and when I completed missing field(city), the
same error appeared)
Status: Incomplete, NEED CLARIFICATION
